Charles-Antoine Pouliot
Mobile: 581-996-7900
Email: capdev22@gmail.com

Introduction

Languages: French, English
Github

An aspiring software engineer with a diverse background and a love for learning looking for experience 
wherever and whenever possible.

Education and Certifications

University of Ottawa
Bachelor’s of Mathematics

Cégep de Sainte-Foy
Music, Jazz piano

Comptia A+ Certification

Experience

Laurier Computers 
Web developer/designer

Ottawa, ON
September 2024 – Present

Quebec, QC
2019 – 2022

Acquired in 2024

Ottawa, ON
August 2024 – Present

• Designed the company’s website, focusing on user experience.
• Developed the website as a Next.js app using React, ensuring scalability.
•

Provided technical support for customers, addressing their queries and resolving issues promptly.

Amica the Glebe
Server and Concierge

Ottawa, ON
December 2023 – August 2024

• Tailored dining experiences for residents.
• Became concierge in the month of May 2024, taking on administrative duties.
• Acted as an intermediary between residents, family, resources and management

Alto restaurant
Server
•
• Made extensive use of the Maitre'D POS system.
• Assisted in processing an average of 200 online/phone orders per day.

Served customers, providing a warm and welcoming experience.

Montreal, QC
December 2022 – August 2023

MontVR
Technician and Customer support

September 2020 – June 2022

• Made repairs on VR headsets and controllers
• Troubleshot hardware and software issues in computers, replacing components when necessary
• Wrote documentation on bugs and internal procedures.
•

Increased the efficiency of operations company-wide by writing scripts to limit hardware failure due 
to stress.

• Responded to customer inquiries using the Zammad issue tracking system, escalating them to the next 

level when necessary.

• Assisted customers in understanding and utilizing virtual reality technology.

Skills and Interests

Interests: 
•
• Languages:
• Technologies:

Technology, Mathematics, Music, Machine Learning
Lua, Javascript (Web Development), React, Next.js, C++
Git, Linux, Shell scripting, Neovim


